Commerce packaging fixes (#1313)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/shop_features/pricing.md

## Currencies

> The currency is configured per country in the [configuration settings](../shop_configuration.md#price).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You configure the currency per country in the [configuration settings](../shop_configuration.md#price).
```

If a product has a price for a currency, this price is displayed in the shop.

If there is no price set in a shop for the given currency, you can set one of two options in the shop configuration:

> - Calculate the price for the requested currency using the base price defined in the product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Calculate the price for the requested currency based on the base price defined in the product
```
